Add changelog notes for v2.0.0 release (#53)
Severson-Group/AMDS: CHANGELOG.md

This document summarizes the changes introduced to the code base for each release.

## v2.0.0

> - Add sampling of new data upon receipt of `SYNC_ADC` interrupt
> - Remove `SYNC_TX` interrupt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sample and transmit data upon receipt of `SYNC_ADC` interrupt
- Remove `SYNC_TX` interrupt
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, I like this change
